[EDU-2771] docs: improve old functions section in Rules Engine (#418)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/build/edge-application/digital-certificates.mdx

---

## Edge certificate

> If you want to use a custom domain, you can register your own TLS certificate (X.509) at no additional cost in [Real-Time Manager](https://manager.azion.com). To use this feature, you'll need to prove that the domain is really yours.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to use a custom domain, you can register your own TLS certificate (X.509) at no additional cost in [Real-Time Manager](https://manager.azion.com). Register your certificate and private key encoded in [ASCII PEM](https://www.ssl.com/guide/pem-der-crt-and-cer-x-509-encodings-and-conversions/) format. The private key cannot be protected by passphrase.
```

> If you want to use a custom domain, you can add your own TLS certificate (X.509) and private key encoded in [ASCII PEM](https://www.ssl.com/guide/pem-der-crt-and-cer-x-509-encodings-and-conversions/) format to [Real-Time Manager](https://manager.azion.com) at no additional cost. The private key cannot be protected by passphrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a custom domain, you can add your own TLS certificate (X.509) and private key encoded in [ASCII PEM](https://www.ssl.com/guide/pem-der-crt-and-cer-x-509-encodings-and-conversions/) format to [Real-Time Manager](https://manager.azion.com) at no additional cost. The private key cannot be protected by *passphrase*.
```

> To use your custom certificate with Azion, the Server Name Indication (SNI) extension of the TLS protocol is used. Check the [browser list with SNI support](https://caniuse.com/#feat=sni).

Author: ```suggestion
When you bring your certificate to Azion, domains that use the certificate use the Server Name Indication (SNI) extension of the TLS protocol is used. Check the [browser list with SNI support](https://caniuse.com/#feat=sni).
```
